hi guys it's christina from interest
cricket stay and be giving you a review
of the Sailor hot pro as you can see
there a wheelie cricket bag and I'm
first thing say some of our more loyal
YouTube followers who have been with
this rut for the beginning of our
million views now on YouTube big
achievement with pretty proud of very
early on in those million views I said
you would have seen Paul doing a review
of this pod pro bag gone before my
tenure he registers trickier and as
usual Paul those are the early videos so
I've been called in to give a more
thorough look at this bag and clean
pulls a mess up almost here because he
obviously didn't load it with kit back
then and a lot of our customers have
been asking us how much kick can this
bag fit in and so we've tried to answer
this with this review first things that
buy this bag has been comfortably all
most popular wheelie bag that is because
I am pull certainly personally it's the
best option the medium priced medium
sized wheelie bag if you don't need
anything that's too big gently to carry
the world's most American you don't
wanna break the bank then this offers
the color the style it's durable
hard-wearing good solution for your kit
with a bat cave except it offers
everything you look for in a bag another
great price too so first thing say about
it is I think it looks good you know
this kind of black with the little blue
and silver piping and I also think the
handle options are very good you can be
carrying it like this and also it has
these poppers which are really good so
you just show the clip it in there and
then you can carry it very easy so if
you're going upstairs public transport
getting out the car church was very easy
all and this is sending our particular
Ike it's got a padded shoulder strap so
if you want to carry it on your shoulder
for example we can put it across your
chest that's also very easy so it's very
innovative in a sense it gives you a lot
of options there as well the handle here
obviously isn't a suitcase handle then I
mean you can't expect too much from a
medium size medium price bag but it is
very comfortable and very padded and
very sturdy down which is very good from
sale exciting that we particularly like
and next other little features again
just telling you stuff like in
Rui did branding I really like and then
the embroidered words pod pro there as
well things like the zips very strong
metal very hard ring of durable no
there's no attention to detail that
hasn't been addressed in this Bergman
and it really does show very quality and
salix you know you think a byword in
quality it really is case in point with
this bag it almost really sort of sums
up sailings as a brand for me anyway so
we'll show you what we've got in this
bag and we're now this outer pockets
very long outer pocket we haven't used
fully as you can see it's a massive
pocket but we've used this for a bit of
a bat care section so you got bat tape
grip tape here which put that there a
couple of spare grips these are the GM
ripple groups which itself would be very
popular a bat mallet also used here at
the shop a lot for our knocking in
service you can order from us a little
bit of that takes a look back wax sorry
so you can see that's a pretty big
outside section which could be used for
widened if they were dirty you want to
keep them away the only I'd say it's not
very meshed which isn't ideal to might
keep your kit a little bit keep you
aware of its smelly but you know you
can't have everything so now what we'll
do is open up the main section on the
back and you'll actually be surprised me
if you look at that bag compared to me
it's not a big bag but you'll be
surprised how much stuff you can fit in
there if you're pretty clever so first
you notice we've got my key keeping
stuff in here which is a pretty big deal
for medium-sized bag get batty and we
can keeping kit in here so you guys
these the salix pod warm what you're
keeping pads that I review on those
these new burrito with you keeping
gloves look at those a tube sweet OB you
sort of mix it up here rather than go
for the strippers we've just gone for
the single by pad option here which
we've got to stop some people don't like
strippers Jukes Tyneside pod players
batting gloves from salix obviously
keeping quite a salix teen with this bag
when you keep it in a new ver there we
got the white we change but the white to
the main section obviously as you said
you can do that a little bit differently
we got playing top and trousers there
then we've got the brand new in stock
cam well new sock newbury box very
important and then again a brand new in
stockbridge Eurovision series
elite town which I just done a review of
do please give that a look out and
support the cause and finally we're not
fine actually p one arrow on guard very
important then pot armor salix batting
pads I think look gorgeous then another
thing seven inside of this bag is if you
look here there are these netted
sections up to quite big netted sections
here which we can use I chosen to use
valuables however one other thing that I
think a lot of people might look to use
these for for example is balls because I
know cricket balls can go missing a lot
very easy and not just missing but get
hidden at the bottom of your bag and
stuff whereas this can just sort of fit
in there which is very easy and you keep
the balls now and they're not going to
get lost the next thing to talk about
which I'm very impressed with while I'm
actually showing you this look at the
back for the bottom to reinforce sort of
sections here and two wheels nice and
sturdy really very reinforced so it's
gonna wear a long time now let's open up
this tunnel section and I do love a good
tunnel texture what you'll notice is
something pretty very impressive
actually not just pretty very massive
get out these new balance 4020
specialist rubber shoes you're playing
on the astral and the nets indoors for
example and then get out these
absolutely so I've forgotten how good
looking this way new values 4040 cricket
shoes of all standard view on those so
you have a look at that and again to the
ability to fit two pairs of shoes and
the full / with keeping stuff in a bag
which is a medium-sized bag with
dimensions of 86 like 36 x 33 guys the
ability to fit those in there is pretty
impressive it's not the world's biggest
bag but it does offer a lot of space now
the final thing which we love on this
bag medium sized bag justin is it Pat
cave and we can't say how important nice
to us and out of this Batcave you can
absolutely gorgeous salix supernatural
this will make a long blade this one
being a regular short hand up gorgeous
looking back and on a special sale price
on our websites do check those out
exceptional value for money from
settings not often you get the
opportunity to own
a good quality handcrafted excellent
sailor to the price that we've got on
our website the only way this reviews
about the bag not the facts so let's be
honest if the only thing I can criticize
about this bag is the lack of an airflow
or a mesh section on the outside pocket
this must tell you something about how
good quality the bag is again the handle
i prefer suitcase but on medium bags you
don't really look to get that so
basically everything we look for in a
bag and we do recommend these customers
looking for a medium-sized bag and it's
also as I said exceptional value for
money here it's just cricket was selling
this for 54 pounds ninety-nine so not
only are you getting exceptional bag if
you do choose this to follow me this in
the month of July you will be entered
into the competition to win the
commemorative Ian Bell 100th test fat
which I've got here so this just about
qualifies any purchases over fifty pound
guys and you get entered into a draw to
win this very limited number 42 of a
hundred battle kookaburra so you're
going to be getting a quality bag
excellent value for money and the
opportunity to earn own a unique piece
of cricketing history there's not a lot
not to like really about this back to be
honest guys so yeah pretty impressed
with this and you can see why it's been
our most popular wheelie bag in the shop
guys so there you go salix pod pro
wheelie bag thank you very much for
watching and I'll see you soon